Hello Everyone, 

My is Lena Helo, I am excited to be here! I've been with placeIL for about 6 months now.
I am a CS graduate, I pursued my bachelor's in the Technion. 
Thoughout my studies, I has a PC with windows os, that said, most of our homework and development required linux
us to use a Linux virtual machine. So I thought it was time to finally make the jump and fully switch to Linux. 
However, as you can imagine, the transition wasn't the smoothest, and I quickly realized that I had a lot to learn. 
Navigating through the system, and troubleshooting issues as they arose, could be very time consuming and frustrating.

That was until I developed sysagent, and it changed my linux experience entirely.

"Sysagent elevator pitch"

Data availability was never the problem linux users, synthesis was.
Before sysagent, a junior engineer had to either remember complex linux commands and their flags, or search the
web for the correct command to run. they would have to run these commands to get basic information about their system, 
and then cross-reference that information with what ever they found relevant on the web to solve an issue.
They also might have needed to consult with a senior engineer to get the right information, which could take time and resources.
Most importantly, they would spend alot of their time reading on a web browser, rather than taking action on their terminal.

That's exactly why I built SysAgent. Let’s take a look at the core features that make bridging the gap possible.

1. Natural language interface: Instead of memorizing arcane commands and flags, you simply describe what you want to do in plain English.
2. Sysagent does not hallucinate or depend on its pre-trained data. Instead, it reads your system's real-time state, 
   and cross-references that with a locally  indexed vector store of man pages and kernel docs.
3. CVE Scanning: sysagent can also help you keep your system secure by scanning for CVEs, and recommend actions to take.
4. Headless Scheduled Auditing: Sysagent can also run autonomously to audit your system at set intervals. 
                                it will send detailed reports to a slack channel of your choosing.
5. All of that can be accesses locally from anywhere on your system!

**DEMO**

